Extreme prototyping is specifically used in web development and divided into three stages, with the second stage being the most important. Critical to these stages are the various layers of an extreme prototype model: the presentation layer or user interface and service layers – communication, business logic and authorization.

The process is called Extreme Prototyping to draw attention to the second phase of the process, where a fully functional UI is developed with very little regard to the services other than their contract.



The three stages of extreme prototyping:

1: Prepare an HTML build to represent the presentation layer

2: Convert the prototype into a fully functional model by connecting it with the service layers

3: Finalize the production by implementing the service layers

Task 4

Adobe Illustrator is a vector graphics editor and design program developed and marketed by Adobe Inc. Originally designed for the Apple Macintosh, development of Adobe Illustrator began in 1985. Along with Creative Cloud (Adobe's shift to a monthly or annual subscription service delivered over the Internet), Illustrator CC was released.





Adobe Illustrator is commonly used to create logos, promotional or branded content, icons, website graphics, digital artwork, and more. It is popular in the business world for graphic design projects related to marketing, advertising, and branding, as well as with artists who create digital artwork personally and professionally. 



Illustrator is not only useful to artists and graphic designers. Individuals making a website can create a mockup through Illustrator, which they can use to create vector images for a wide variety of platforms. Marketers and content creators can use Illustrator to efficiently create digital marketing materials, graphics for email newsletters, social media images, and more. You can use Illustrator to easily create sleek, aesthetically pleasing company logos and promotional materials. Do you want to add a circle around a particular image or logo? Not a problem! Do you want to type a word inside the shape of the CEO’s head? You can do that as well. It’s not as complicated as you may think. 



